[birds chirping]
Hey.
We're done.
All right.
[sighs]
There you go. Thanks.
Thanks.
[beeping]
[line ringing] [sighs]
[woman] Allô? [operator] You have
a collect call from...
Daniel Léger.
[operator] Would you like to
accept charges?
[woman] Yes.
[in French]
Uh...
Allô? [line clicks, dial tone]
$7.50. [in English] Yeah.
Add, uh, one of these,
okay? Yeah.
Let me just go
grab my wallet.
I'll be right back.
[engine starting]
Hey!
At any given time,
about how many children
do you have in your care
at the institution,
Mr. Woodbridge?
Despite massive cuts
in government grants,
we've managed to keep caring
for more than 20 kids,
which is why we
created the foundation--
Yes, but before we get to that,
I'd like you to outline
your methods
for dealing with
difficult children,
if you don't mind.
Certainly, uh,
but, if I may finish,
the foundation--
Now, I'm speaking specifically
about the recent suicides
of two young boys,
ages 11 and 12,
that were in your care
at the institution.
Norm! No, no. Not now.
[device vibrating]
What was that?
[vibrating continues]
Somebody's trying to get
ahold of you, Mr. Malarek.
And I think it's time
for me to leave too.
Oh, shit. We have testimonies on tape
if you'd like to hear them
and refresh your memory,
you piece of shit.
[Norm]
Mr. Woodbridge, I'm so sorry
about the interruption.
I-I-- We have a few
more questions. Mr.--
Why in the hell did you leave
your pager on, man?
Ah, it doesn't matter.
We got that son of a bitch.
I know, but if it went off
20 seconds earlier,
we would've had nothing. Yeah, but did you see
the look on his face?
I did. Victor, security left
a message.
Some guys from the Da Silva
gang are looking for you.
They're here? Yeah. Front reception.
Ah...
[sighs]
Victor, what
is this about? What?
Do you want me
to call the police? Shit.
to call the police?
What? The police.
No! No, no, no, no.
No police.
Get your camera.
[man 1] He's here!
Come on, let's go!
[man 2] Malarek! Malarek!
Shit.
Where are you going?
Malarek, stop!
Get in the car! [Norm] Let's go.
Get these fuckers!
Get them!
Are you filming?
Rolling? Okay, let's go.
[tires squealing]
Fuck.
[tires screeching]
Oh, shit.
Aw, fuck me.
[bell ringing]
[tires squealing]
You run from us to a hospital?
Expect to get hurt, Malarek?
You think I'm running away
from you, you piece of shit?
Huh?
Write another article
about Da Silva,
we'll make sure
you end up in here.
Let's get out of here.
You tell Da Silva
he can kiss my ass.
[elevator bell dings]
Oh!
Hi. I'm looking
for Anna Malarek's room.
Victor! Anna Mala--
Oh, God. Denise.
We paged you over
and over.
I was in an interview. I hope it was worth it.
It cost you a moment
you'll never get back.
She's done already? Some things don't work
around your schedule.
How is she? She's fine.
[sighs]
[Victor whispering]
Hey. Hey.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
No, it's not.
I missed everything.
She moves fast.
Like her dad.
There you go.
Yeah, that's your dad.
Oh.
Hi.
Yeah.
Hey! Hey, hey, hey.
Stay with me. Yeah.
Good.
Wow. Well done.
Thanks.
[siren wailing in distance]
[chattering]
Dubé got the job?
Yeah, they just
announced it.
I figured.
Probably found out
Friday night,
kept his mouth shut.
I don't know what the hell
they were thinking.
[chuckles]
Lowest pay grade.
What?
I'm fine.
I knew I wasn't gonna get it.
[rattles door handle]
Can I help you?
Uh, I'm the guy
who rented this place.
You must have
the wrong address.
Um...
Where's Michael?
You know Michael?
[Victor] What do you mean,
I don't deliver?
Well, uh, we haven't had
anything from you
in two months.
I just gave you
the Da Silva story.
That was
a follow-up piece.
You want
shocking stories?
They take
serious research.
Long-term investigations
take time.
Then perhaps
you should spend
a little less time
on your TV show
and a little more time
here with us.
The TV thing's part-time.
You know that.
Mr. Malarek, when you
write something new,
we'll pay you for it.
But from now on,
when you write nothing,
we pay nothing.
Did I just get fired? No, no.
You're just gonna be
freelance.
Oh, Art, come on.
You can't make me a stringer.
I just had a baby.
Why don't you just let me
give you regular
assignments, that's it?
I don't do
regular assignments.
Ha! Okay. But your mind's
in 93 orbits at once.
You just gotta
land on something.
I don't give a shit.
Pick an easy subject.
You do one story a week,
you make the exact
same money. That's it.
[sighs]
Look, Art, it's not
about the money, all right?
It's about my process.
All right.
You and you process
get together,
do one story a week.
I'd like to cash this.
Twenty, 40, 60, 80, 100...
There you go. Cheers, man.
What can I get for you?
Directions.
What do you mean
by directions?
Looking for a guy
called Michael.
Gentlemen, it is my true
honor to be here today.
And I welcome the chance to work
with each and every one of you.
But make no mistake.
We are all soldiers
in a war on drugs.
The last few years
have been...
["In the Air Tonight"
by Phil Collins playing
on stereo]
Daniel! Bro.
Hey, man, this is the guy
I'm telling you about,
my best friend,
Daniel, man.
[in French]
[in English] Hey, Glen!
This is fucking Daniel.
Glen! This is the guy, man.
You know, my trip to Thailand.
Thailand? Yeah.
Thailand party guy?
Fucking A, man!
The Thailand party guy.
Holy shit.
Hey, Thailand
party guy.
I'm the BC party guy.
Small fucking world, huh?
Small as shit.
Fuck. There's something
I want to show you.
Uh, Aimee, get him a beer.
Thailand party guy,
come over here.
Hey, bro, you, uh,
you still owe me money
for the work I did
on the boat, remember?
[Glen] The fuck I do.
Where is it?
Where the fuck is it?
And what the fuck
are you doing on my boat?
I... [Michael] Hey, whoa.
He just got here, man.
He's my buddy. Remember?
Oh, he's your buddy? Yeah.
What the fuck are you
asking me for money?
I owe you?
No, no! I was kidding.
Man, I was just kidding.
You piece of shit!
Where is my shit?
It's probably in the bedroom
where you leave all your stuff.
Oh, fuck. It is.
[laughing] Shit.
You guys looked like
you were gonna fucking
shit your pants.
[laughing]
Fuck.
Give me a second.
Aimee.
Are you gonna fucking
kiss her or what?
[sighs]
[in English] Relax, man.
[Glen] Found it.
Ah! This is what
I wanna show you, Thai boy.
This...
Oh!
Now, Michael tells me
you brought some
Thai number four into BC.
He told you that, huh?
Shit.
I'd love to taste that.
I mean, you can't find
that shit anywhere here.
All right, I gotta go. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What the fuck?
I only bring this shit out
for special people.
Ask Michael.
Fuckin' A. True, man.
By the way, this smackity-yak
is, like, 90% pure.
W-W-Well, close enough.
[laughing]
I don't shoot up, so...
That's cool, that's cool.
I don't wanna die either.
♪ Coming in the air
Tonight... ♪
That's why I like to smoke it.
Give me the lighter.
Fucking...
♪ For all my life ♪
♪ Oh, Lord ♪
♪ I can feel it
In the air tonight ♪
♪ Oh, Lord ♪
[moans]
♪ Oh, Lord... ♪
I appreciate it, man,
but I'm okay.
Oh, you think you're
too good for my shit?
♪ Oh, Lord ♪
[sighs]
♪ I can feel it coming
In the air tonight... ♪
Ain't no place
you gotta be but heaven.
I'll let you in on a secret.
If you're really nice
to these two angels...
they'll smoke the paper
off your joint.
♪ Oh, Lord ♪
Mmm...
♪ I can feel it
In the air tonight ♪
♪ Oh, Lord ♪
♪ Oh, Lord
Oh, Lord ♪
♪ Well, I've been waiting
For this moment... ♪
How long has it been?
♪ Oh, Lord
Oh, Lord ♪
Six months.
[Glen]
Welcome home, friend.
Art.
Big-time drug dealer.
Real prick, this guy.
Gets arrested in Bangkok,
but when he's arrested--
Right. Police officer dies.
We already covered the story.
Do you actually read
your own newspaper?
You guys covered
a 50-word press release.
I do a two-parter,
bring in all the background.
How does the international
heroin trade work?
I mean, how does the shit get
from Thailand into our country?
Right. Pull a bunch
of drug-trade stats
anyone can get.
No, no. No. I don't think so.
I put flesh on it, all right?
An agent killed in the line.
Who is this
badass drug dealer?
Two North Americans
meet their fates
halfway around the world
in Bangkok, right?
Deliver it
by Saturday?
Saturday? Sure.
Saturday and Sunday.
It's a two-parter.
Yeah. Two parts, two paychecks.
Okay. Did you just
double your salary?
[sighs]
[inhales]
[coughs]
Ah. He's alive.
[chuckles]
Hey, have you
seen Michael?
Yeah, he left
a couple hours ago.
Taking a bus
back to Montreal.
Shit. Did that cocksucker
take some cash from you?
Some cash? He took
everything I had.
You can't
trust a junkie.
[sighs] Dude, uh,
we got clients coming
in ten minutes,
and you kind of look
like run-over dog shit.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I'll get out of your way.
No, I said
we got clients.
You want a job?
Oh, man.
I-I appreciate the offer,
but I don't know
anything about fishing.
Plus, I gotta-- I gotta
find a place to stay.
You can stay
in the cabin.
It's small,
but what the fuck?
It's free, right?
You serious?
As a heart attack.
I've had my tough times.
Just put on a shirt.
It's not a gay cruise.
Pays $80 a day,
plus tips.
Okay.
[man] Victor.
Sergeant. Surprise visit.
I'm doing an in-depth
piece for The Globe.
I thought a live interview
could make it more human.
Do you mind?
There have been
no news items released today.
I'm thinking an oldie,
but a goodie.
What are your thoughts
on the Thailand bust?
Was the whole thing
worth it?
It's a tragedy.
That's all I can say.
Yeah, but, I mean,
you guys must be in shock.
Well, you can say that again.
Now, come on, Bill.
Throw me a quote here.
Anything I can use
other than, "It's a tragedy"?
Well, the point of
an operation like this
is to make Canada
a safer place.
Now, a major heroin pipeline
was shut down.
And when an officer
dies in the line of duty,
it's a sad reminder of how
dangerous this job really is.
Okay.
I read the press release.
But this asshole you arrested,
why is he still in Thailand?
We were invited only
to assist the Thai police
for this operation, Malarek.
He'll be prosecuted there. But what's
this prick's story?
Everything's in
the press release. Nothing's in the press release.
Who is this guy?
How long has this guy been
running heroin out of BC?
I don't have
any more comments.
The matter is before
the courts in Bangkok, okay?
I'm not allowed to discuss
the intricacies of this,
especially with you.
That's it?
Thanks, Sergeant.
[Daniel] All right,
keep it going, guys.
[chattering]
Here you go.
Oh, my God.
Those guys loved you.
They even left you
an extra tip.
Or we could do...
the trade again.
Your call.
You know,
I was thinking...
if I play
my cards right,
this could be
my boat soon.
Yeah?
Hell, we could be partners,
make some
real money.
-You serious?
-Yeah.
It's funny how
things work out.
I can't tell you
how much I appreciate
everything you've done for me.
Hey, uh, don't
smoke that yet.
I need a ride
to the airport.
The airport?
Where you going?
Colombia.
Got a meeting, last minute.
All right.
Shit, I almost
forgot to ask you.
Can you do me a favor?
Go to that address,
uh, ask for Mary.
She has a package.
Can you grab it for me?
And if you could just
hold onto it till I get back.
You got it. Thanks.
[grunts]
Have a safe trip.
A plane ticket
to go to Bangkok?
Are you out of your mind?
We need an interview. With who?
The Canadian drug dealer. You wanna call Louise yourself,
ask her for a budget
to go to Thailand?
'Cause I ain't doing that, pal.
Give me two days over there
and I'll come back with
a Globe and Mail exclusive
that looks like
a national scandal. Wait, wait--
It'll be huge,
above the fold, front page.
Hold on. Then hit her
with the budget.
When did this
easy paycheck feature
become a national scandal?
Don't blame me if
I'm the only guy here
who can see through
police bullshit.
I didn't even start asking
the guy the real questions
when he hit me with
a line of "no comment"-- Fine, you've got a hunch.
Do like everyone else
in the newsroom--
make the calls,
pull the clippings,
check computer databases-- I checked with all
of my sources.
No one's ever heard of
this huge drug kingpin,
and nobody knows anything
about this pipeline of heroin
that's coming into the country. I don't have five grand
to put on this, so...
Wait a minute.
Did the feds call you?
Are you on their payroll now?
Is that what's going on?
Get into my office!
Yeah, all right.
Come on, relax, Art.
You know how I get when I find
something juicy like this.
You wanna go? Yeah.
I'm paying for your trip.
But if you don't come back with
a front-page story, you're gone.
Okay. Okay? Louise will never publish
anything from you again.
Got it.
Thanks, Art.
Hmm.
Pigging down already, Picker?
You guys are the ones
that are 45 minutes late.
Two coffees, please.
Can we have this all
on one check?
And, um, they're paying.
Of course. Thanks.
[inhales]
That ass! Get me
a fork and knife, right?
Well, you guys must be
humping some dry ice
if you're sitting here
with me, huh?
How's the fishing business?
Great. Lately, I've been
fishing in international waters.
A lot of big fish out there.
What do you mean
by "international"?
How do you guys feel about
the term "Golden Triangle"?
You know people
in Thailand?
You know what?
I think I'm barking
up the wrong tree.
This is too big for you guys.
What are we talking
about here, Picker?
We're talking about
international players.
We're talking about 99% pure H
from Thailand to BC.
Most importantly,
we're talking about you guys
paying me more
than my normal source fee.
You're saying you can
get this guy for us?
No. I'm saying
I got this guy.
[door rattles]
Pleasure doing business.
[in French]
[chuckles]
[in English] Cool.
Hey, uh...
[sighs]
[man]
I thought you didn't want
to work with this guy, uh...
[man 2] Picker.
He came to us with this.
The target is importing
from Thailand.
[man]
Well, this Léger character
seems like a big fish.
Comes out of the system
as Code A. He's connected.
[man 2] Criminal records show
he's tied to the Hells.
Why, uh-- Why don't you
walk me through this thing,
okay?
Like, break it down
into boxes for me.
What's the outcome box?
Do you see yourself taking down
this target in Thailand? No.
We collect the evidence
under the auspices
of the Thai police,
and we participate
in the buy.
Léger goes home.
The outcome box:
We arrest Léger
at Vancouver Airport.
All right, Sergeant.
I'm gonna go ahead
and authorize the operation,
but the maximum
the source can get
is 80 grand.
Plus expenses.
I'll talk to Picker. Good.
[upbeat song playing]
[man singing in Thai on radio]
[sighs]
Thank you. Thank you.
[man] I'm sorry, Mr. Malarek.
I cannot allow you in, sir.
All right, look.
We both know
Canadian citizens
are allowed to visit
Canadian inmates.
And that's a
Canadian passport, so...
The passport is not a problem,
but I cannot let you in.
Why the hell not?
Have a nice day,
sir.
[speaking Thai]
[phone line beeping]
[beeping continues]
[man] Hello, Mr. Malarek?
I'm Jim Raiven, the embassy's
federal agent in Thailand.
How can I help you? Uh, I'm here in Bangkok
to see, uh,
a Canadian prisoner
you guys arrested,
and I went to the prison, and--
This case is still under
investigation, Mr. Malarek,
as I'm sure my colleague
in Toronto told you.
Did the embassy
put me on a blacklist
at Bombat prison?
I suggest you read
the press release
on Operation Goliath
like everyone else, Mr. Malarek. You know what?
I've been here many times.
I know how the system works.
I know the embassy
doesn't have any right--
Have a nice day, Mr. Malarek.
[line clicks]
Hello?
[dial tone]
Fuck.
All right.
["Respect" by Aretha Franklin
playing on stereo]
♪ What you want
Baby, I got it ♪
♪ What you need
You know I got it ♪
♪ All I'm asking is
For a little respect
When you come home ♪
♪ Just a little bit ♪ ♪ Hey, baby ♪
♪ When you get home ♪ ♪ Just a little bit ♪
♪ Mister ♪ ♪ Just a little bit... ♪
[in French]
De toute façon,
[in English]
we're partners now, baby.
What's his is mine,
and what's mine is his.
All right, then.
[sighs, sniffles]
♪ Just a little bit ♪
♪ I'm about to give you
All my money ♪
♪ And all I'm asking ♪
[phone ringing]
♪ In return, honey ♪
♪ Is to give me my propers
When you get home ♪
[ringing continues]
♪ When you get home ♪
[music stops]
Yeah?
Why don't you answer
the phone?
Hey, man! How's your trip?
I'm stuck in Jamaica,
but I'm coming back tomorrow.
I need you to pick me up
at the airport.
What are you doing in Jamaica?
That's none of your business.
Your business is to pick me up
tomorrow at 9:00.
-Oh, and, Danny Boy.
-Yeah?
Answer the phone
when I fucking call, okay?
[man] Thank you for
the signed copy of your book.
My wife, she's so proud.
[Victor] You're welcome.
I'm here with The Globe.
I'm writing an article
on an Operation Goliath.
Have you heard of it?
[man] The Canadian drug dealer
who was arrested.
[Victor] Exactly.
The prison manager won't
let me in to see him.
-Why not?
-I was hoping you could
tell me that.
The Canadian police seem
to have restricted my access.
You should see
my friend Jim Raiven
at the Canadian embassy.
I'll get you in touch. Sergeant Jim Raiven?
You know him?
[sighs]
He's a Canadian officer.
He doesn't have
the power to decide
whether or not I see
a prisoner here in Bangkok.
You're a good friend,
Victor.
But the Thai police has
a special relationship
with your country.
My hands are tied.
I-I must ask that
you go through Jim Raiven.
Okay.
But my readers are gonna be
very confused.
What do you mean? When I write about this,
they're gonna want to know
how a Canadian sergeant
was able to order around
General Suchart
of the Royal Thai Police
on his own soil.
You cannot write that.
[phone ringing]
[ringing continues]
[panting]
Cooper?
We're a go.  How much?
Your end is 60.
Are you fucking kidding me?
I get 40
for delivering lowlifes.
Call me when you
have a serious offer.
How much do you want?
One hundred.
I'll give you 80.
Forty now,
40 when Léger goes down.
For that price,
I'm gonna need expenses.  Sure.
But the deal is effective
only if you can start
before the end of the month.
Fine.
Hey, guys. Come over here.
Hey, how's it going?
Beautiful day, huh?
[speaks Spanish]
I was just
talking to my wife.
My wife, pregnant.
I'm gonna be a father.
Padre.
- Papá.
-Yeah!
Hey, will you celebrate with me?
Come have a cigar. Please.
Trabajo. Come on, come on.
Por favor.
[Cooper] Léger is gonna be
target number one
on the priority scale
of the month, coast to coast.
We're gonna be the only
international undercover
operation approved so far.
If we nail it, we are gonna get
the biggest budget the division
will spend this year.
Are you saying
we're going to Thailand?
We're going to Thailand!
-Can you take off your coat?
Take off your coat.
-No, no.
I want my wife to know that
I'm having a good time. Come on.
"Celebrate-io."
Okay, now come here.
All right.
Look mean. Yeah.
All right, that's good.
Beat it. Got it.
Oh, my God!
I wish you were there.
It was fucking crazy.
I was at this party.
It was insane.
These fucking women
were so beautiful.
And I got in an argument
with this fucking nigger.
He's fucking
threatening me,
so I take a Magnum .45
and I stick it right here.
Look! Right here.
He's all quiet.
Look at this.
See that guy?
That's a motherfucking
Colombian drug lord.
This guy is so fucking powerful
and my friend now.
He makes so much fucking money.
And so will we.
Daniel.
Where'd you put the package
I asked you to pick up?
Oh, I didn't think it was safe
on the boat with the clients,
so I'm, uh, keeping it
at a friend's house.
Go get it. Yeah.
I got people
who want to buy it.
Yeah, of course.
[grunting]
[sniffles]
[grunts]
Ah!
-[Glen] He was robbed?
-Yeah.
Fucking kicked his ass,
but he swears
he doesn't have it anymore.
What's his name?
Doesn't matter.
He got robbed.
-You're so full of shit.
-I'm telling you.
Yeah, I'm telling you
to tell your friend
he owes me 1,000 bucks.
And every day he's late,
40 points interest.
400 a day?
-He can't afford it?
-Fuck no!
Well then, he better
find that thousand real quick.
Jesus.
[horn honking]
[phone ringing]
Yeah? [Arthur] Hey.
Dave Miller scooped you.
What?  Yeah, he met with
your guy already.
It'll be in The Sun tomorrow.
Well, did you read
the article?
No, not yet.
But it doesn't matter
'cause we don't have
the exclusive anymore.
I just threatened
the general in charge of
the Thai Narcotic
Suppression Bureau
to get in to see this guy.
I know, but... I'm writing
my fucking article.
You can put it on
the front page or not.
Just stay close to your fax.
Oh, and how much
for this?
No, don't need
the helmet.
[in French]
Where's your bike?
This looks light.
$350.
This doesn't even
cover the interest.
Keep my tips
for the next month.
Jesus, would you give me
a fucking break?
I gave you a place to stay.
I gave you a motherfucking job.
When you felt like shit,
I gave you the best dope in BC.
I know, but every t--
Don't "but" me! [groans]
I don't want "but,"
"if," "please."
And no bullshit!
Business is business.
Look, I fucked up, okay?
I'm sorry.
I trusted you.
Now I need all that
trust shit built back up.
Here's the deal.
You do this thing
for me,
I'll forget about
your $1,000 mistake.
Yeah, okay.
You got it.
I was gonna do
this myself, but...
I don't know if I have time
to figure out all the angles.
And since you've
done this shit before,
maybe I should
bring you in.
I'm with you, man.
[chattering]
What happened to you?
You can't pay
for protection? What?
Aren't you this huge
fucking drug lord or something?
-Smoke?
-Yeah.
All right, listen.
Somehow,
I convinced my paper
to send me down here
to interview this
criminal mastermind
who managed to get
himself locked up,
but, see, I don't think
he's a criminal mastermind.
Yeah? Why not?
Because everyone who knows
him says the same thing.
"Daniel Léger is
just a lowlife junkie
who lies like he breathes,
and his only point in life
is to get fucked up."
My gut tells me that
there's some thick bullshit
being served up on you
in this operation.
But I don't know if
what you're gonna tell me
is bullshit or not too,
so I'm under the assumption
that everything is bullshit.
So you can either tell me
what the fuck really happened
or you can squander
this precious opportunity
and serve up more of what
I'm really good at smelling.
Anyone ever call you a prick?
Yeah.
But most people
call me Victor.
Did Vic the Prick
bring his tape recorder?
Yeah.
[man] Got this one!
I got this one!
Why did they
want to meet here?
Everybody can see us.
I don't know.
Who gives a shit?
[camera shutter clicking]
Showtime.
Nice car.
Just answer their questions.
Don't talk too much.
[car doors closing] Let's go.
Uh, Picker here,
he tells us that, uh,
you've been to Thailand.
I've been all over.
Yeah? Right.
But we're looking for
a source in Thailand.
Easy.
I-I mean, uh,
a source in Thailand
ain't that hard
to come by.
Every fucking
tuk-tuk driver's
a source, you know?
Yeah, um, don't know
if you want to be asking
a tuk-tuk driver
for ten kilos, though.
Well, you might
be surprised.
No, we're not
looking for surprises.
Bottom line, Daniel is happy
to go over to Thailand
and find you a source
for whatever you need.
Yeah? Okay. Well, what kind
of deal could you get us?
Uh, over there, uh,
$10,000, $12,000.
A kilo?
I mean, fuck
the price, guys.
How the hell are you gonna get
ten kilos into the country?
'Cause my asshole doesn't
stretch that much.
No one's gonna ask you
to fit ten kilos in your ass.
[Cooper] All right.
We'll be in touch.
[Glen] Take care.
[Cooper] Take care. [chuckles]
Jesus Christ. You tell them
$10,000 for a kilo?
Fuck that. You said
they wanted a source.
You didn't say a goddamn thing
about me going to Thailand.
You bought tons of heroin
in Thailand.
I bought it over two months
and I smoked it all there.
-What?
-Yeah!
How the hell do you
want me to go to Thailand?
I don't have any cash.
I-I don't
fucking know.
But you're going.
And you're gonna
find them a source.
Do not make me look bad
in front of these people,
or I will fucking
skin you alive.
["Blue Monday"
by New Order playing]
[song continues playing]
♪ How does it feel ♪
♪ To treat me like you do? ♪
♪ When you've laid
Your hands upon me ♪
[in French]
[chuckles]
-I don't have a passport.
-So fucking get one.
I can't.
The government revoked it
when I got back from
Thailand the last time.
The embassy lent me $500
to pay airfare back to Canada.
I can't get my passport back
until I pay them.
Are you trying
to back out of this?
Do you know how much money
you fucking owe me?
What do you mean,
he doesn't want to go?
[Glen] He's making up
bullshit excuses.
I think he knows
you guys are cops.
Yeah? Well, I think
your international player
is a fucking moron
high on crack
who doesn't know
a kilo from a carrot.
He was testing you, Cooper,
and you failed.
You clowns drive in
like fucking Vancouver Vice.
Luckily, I was there
to tell him it's all cool.
So, you think this guy
is for real?
100%.
Well, then, why don't you
convince him that we're serious?
No, no, no, no.
You convince him.
I found this motherfucker.
Now it's time for you
to motivate him.
[Glen] You're early.
Oh, you remember Frank.
Frank and his associate are
taking the boat this weekend.
-She ready to go?
-Yeah.
Let me, uh, grab my stuff,
and I'll jump off.
[TV announcer] Adams is in
with the first shot.
[TV announcer continues]
And here's MacDonald coming in.
Going around,
trying to wrap it
around the net.
And he falls to the ice.
Coming back
to center ice.
[TV announcer continues]
[sighs]
[dial tone]
[line ringing]
[man] Allô?
[operator] You have
a collect call from...
[in French]
[operator]
Do you accept the charges?
[line clicks]
[dial tone]
[change slot clinking]
That was on the boat.
Where's the other guy?
He didn't
get off with him? No.
Well, then how
the fuck should I know?
Did he kill him?
Would you shut the fuck up?
Sit down.
Look, all I know is that fucker
tried to play Frank.
Frank asked to use the boat.
Gave me a lot of money
to use it, so...
[sniffling]
This is bullshit.
I want out.
[laughs]
A little late for that,
my friend.
So, you're saying
you never would have
come here to do a dope deal
if they hadn't threatened
to kill you. That's what I'm saying.
But you came to Thailand
to do a dope deal before.
I came here on vacation
with my buddy Michael.
I didn't come here to buy.
You were never
a dope dealer?
I'm a junkie, man.
I'm guilty of that.
I admit it.
But that's it. All right.
But you said that
you couldn't come here
because of passport issues
and money problems.
But you're here
right now.
Because they paid for it.
Who paid for it?
Those guys.
The federal agents.
They paid for everything.
They bought you
a plane ticket?
Plane ticket, hotel,
food, expenses, everything.
[man shouting in Thai]
Hey, think you could
spare a few bahts?
They make us pay for our food
in this shit hole.
-Yeah.
-But you need to sign it up
under my name before you leave.
It gives me credit
to buy stuff at the shop.
Sorry, one minute.
One minute?
Please? Listen,
when is your trial? A few months. I don't know.
Okay, you need to plead guilty
no matter what they say, okay?
Otherwise, the drug-dealing
charges are gonna put you
on death row.
[guard speaking Thai]
It doesn't matter
what the truth is.
Plead guilty.
[guard speaking Thai]
Hey!
[speaks Thai]
[grunts]
[coughing] [speaks Thai]
[groans]
[grunting]
[guards shouting in Thai]
[breathing heavily]
[all speaking Thai]
[man coughs]
They want the cigarettes
I just gave you,
plus five more every week.
I gotta find some cash.
I don't have a choice.
Always have choice,
okay?
Okay.
Well, I choose not
to get beat to death.
In the yard later,
behind the kitchen,
you see Tuan.
He high. Not working.
Daddy is very rich.
He give you money.
[man singing in Thai]
[all singing]
[sniffing]
[exhales]
Can I help you? I'm just pulling this
out of my ass,
but you don't happen
to be Sergeant Jim Raiven?
Charming. Are you staying
at this hotel?
Just making sure
you're safe
during your stay in Bangkok,
Mr. Malarek.
I'm deeply moved
that my government
is looking out for me.
You managed to get
into Bombat prison?
Maybe.
Daniel Léger is a drug addict
and a compulsive liar.
Can't trust
anything he says.
Finally. Something I can use
from a government official.
Thank you.
You know what?
What if I found out
that you guys paid
for Léger's trip
down to Thailand?
What would you have
to say about that?
If I were you, Mr. Malarek,
I'd be very careful
before I print anything
about this case.
Or what?
Step back
from the vehicle.
Don't want you
to get hurt.
[engine starting]
[typing]
[whispers]
[banging]
[thud]
[baby whines]
[typing]
[gasps] [baby crying]
[crying continues] It's okay. Shh.
Can I use your fax?
[speaking Thai]
Cigarettes?
No! No cigarettes.
Hey, come on!
Hey, hey.
[speaks Thai]
Hey! No, no!
Hey, hey, hey!
Leave him alone, okay?
[shouting in Thai]
[shouts]
Ah! [groans]
[shouting in Thai]
[screams]
[groaning]
Khun tay!
[Victor] And where
are they now? [woman on phone] A hotel.
Victor, Anna was
scared shitless.
We tried calling you,
but there was no answer.
Where are you?
I'm at the airport.
In Toronto?
Nope, Bangkok.
Jesus Christ.
I'll be home tomorrow.
[woman speaking Thai on PA]
Anyone read the news?
The DEA in Seattle
are making us look like
nothing is moving
over here.
So I want updates,
starting with Goliath.
Sergeant Cooper.
Our, uh, players
are all lined up.
That's the exact same
answer you gave me
last week.
Okay, I'm pulling Fountain
to prep Johnson's
Operation Black Hawk team
in case Goliath goes south.
Frank, what the hell
is taking Goliath so long?
Target disappeared.
What? Shit.
Picker doesn't
know where he went.
We gotta replace
Denis fast.
Dubé's not gonna
spend another dime.
I'm gonna use another
department's budget.
What department?
Training.
You're not seriously thinking
about bringing Al in, are you?
I need an asshole.
[man] This section deals
with sexual offenses
and deals with consent,
no defense.
Now under the criminal code,
subject to Subsections 2 to 2.2,
when an accused
is charged with an offense
under Section 151 or 152
or Subsection
153, 160 or 171...
Cadet, we are giving you
an opportunity
for some
in-the-field training.
Operation Goliath
needs a new man.
This would
not be paid work
and would require you
to take makeup classes when--
I'm in.
You're interested? Fuck yeah.
All right,
let me make one thing
perfectly clear right now.
Any bullshit, any improvisation
or deviation from my orders
will result in a strict,
official reprimand
to your superiors.
Do you understand?
I won't let you down,
Dad.
[men shouting in Thai]
Khun tay!
[echoing] Khun tay!
[breathing heavily]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[man] Psst!
You did good today.
[groans]
I gotta disagree on that.
Hey, what does, uh...
khun tay mean?
Khun tay? Yeah. Khun tay.
Khun tay means,
"You're dead."
Shit.
[sighs]
Who's this new guy?
Denis is out.
Al's in.
[sighs]
-He knows the story?
-Which story is that?
The one where you said
you had a huge player
on the line
that tries to stick us
for travel costs
and then does a Houdini?
I don't have him
in a fucking cage.
Get in.
[engine starts]
[Al] Guess what.
A cage is exactly what you're in
until you find this prick.
Here you go, baby. [sighs] Thanks.
You all right? Yeah.
Hey, Norm. Hi.
[exhales] Hello!
Oh, my God.
You're a lifesaver, man. I got it.
My pleasure.
[sighs]
So they can't find us here?
Trust me.
This is so much better
than a hotel.
Just stay with Norm. He'll be
with you till I get back, okay? Okay.
I love you. I love you too.
[sighs]
[elevator bell dings]
Well, what's this?
Where's this gonna go?
Put that down.
Where the hell
is my story?
Hey. When did you get in?
Léger told David Miller
to go fuck himself.
The Sun didn't get
the article. I did.
I delivered.
Where the fuck is
my front page, Art?
Your junkie pal made some
pretty serious accusations.
And, you know, it could
blow up in our face.
Excuse me? The government
can wipe its ass
with an innocent victim,
and we're not gonna report
on it because, what,
the victim's a junkie?
Is that what's
going on here?
Well, he robbed
a gas station.
What?
He robbed
a gas station.
So, I don't know.
He's not as innocent
as you might think.
Oh, he robbed
a gas station? Yeah.
So that gives
the federal police the right
to leave him in Thailand
to get the death penalty.
That makes a lot
of fucking sense.
Meanwhile,
they can cover up
their colossal clusterfuck
because the media
is sitting here sucking
its collective dick
all because the victim's
not a nice guy?
Would you just relax?
Did I say I wasn't gonna run
the story? No.
I'm having it
checked first, all right?
Why are you making
this thing personal?
Lawyer's at 3:00.
Make the necessary cuts.
It'll run tomorrow, all right?
On Page 5?
Below the fold?
No follow-up?
Everyone moves on?
Meanwhile, a Canadian citizen
is executed in
a fucking third-world country,
and we're not gonna do
a fucking thing about it, Art?
I'm sorry.
You know how you gave me
my first story?
You made me the journalist
I am today.
I never thanked you
for that.
Can you have somebody
just put my stuff in a box?
I'll pick it up tomorrow. Come on, Vic.
No, you guys aren't
into my stuff anymore.
I should have heard you
when you said it last week.
[elevator door opens]
Hey. Hi.
Um, I'm a friend of Daniel's,
and I know you guys
know each other,
and I'm looking for him,
but I don't know where he is.
Do you know where
I can find him?
No.
So you're telling me
you don't know him?
No, I'm telling you
I have no idea where he is.
Oh. All fucking
and no talking, huh?
Wow. Would you be
my girlfriend?
All right.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
How's your little
side business going?
Danny!
Why does he want
to see me?
[Al] 'Cause he's the boss.
He says he wants to meet you.
[car door opens]
Hop in.
Frank and Glen have told me
great things about you, Daniel.
Really?
The way we see it,
this works out,
could become
a regular deal.
See, we're looking to expand
our operations in Thailand.
We'd like you
to help us out.
Well, Don, I'd--
I'd really like to help you...
but I-I can't afford
to go to Thailand.
Hmm?
Well, how'd you get
the money for the train ticket?
I spent everything
I had on it.
[Don] Well, you know...
from now on,
I'm taking care
of everything.
Flight, hotel, expenses,
the whole shebang.
No more fucking around, kid.
You're going to Thailand.
Well, what about
my passport?
Don't worry.
Al took care of it.
We fast-tracked it.
Ready to be picked up.
Yeah, we even got you a hotel
room right next to the airport.
You're going
to Thailand tomorrow.
Tomorrow? Daniel.
It's just a couple of days.
Quick in and out.
Thanks, Daniel. Yeah.
All right,
let's go.
Come on.
[George H.W. Bush on monitor]
And I challenge the Democrats
to stand up on this point.
They say this is a war.
Then treat it as such.
We've got to fight the drug war
on all four fronts at once.
Shrinking the supply
by destroying crops and labs
and by patrolling
our borders vigorously,
increasing both the certainty
and the severity of punishment--
If you sell drugs,
you will be caught.
And when you're caught--
Norm. [turns off monitor]
This stuff is gold.
Did you know that the DEA
might have been pressuring
the BC police to get results?
I mean, if we can find out
what the US quota system is--
Victor, listen. What?
I've been reassigned
to another project.
That's just gonna
have to wait, man.
Well, apparently,
it can't.
Look, I-I love
this junkie story too,
but Randy doesn't want me
to work on it, so...
The Globe paid for half
of our investigation.
It doesn't make any sense to
take our foot off the gas now.
If we just go to BC,
we dig a little bit, we're-- [knocking on door]
Victor, Randy
wants to see you.
[sighs]
[knocks on glass]
Come in.
Have a seat.
Victor, I've got
to let you go.
I thought you said
that the show
was kicking ass
since I got here.
Yeah. I don't have
a choice.
It's budget cuts.
You know I left
The Globe and Mail, right?
Yeah, I know.
This doesn't have anything
to do with the junkie
investigation, does it?
No, no.
Nothing at all to do
with the federal police
or anything like that?
It's got nothing
to do with that.
[sighs]
[knocks on door] Yeah. Yeah,
it'll be fine.
Yeah. No, no. It's not
a question of the space.
Look at this.
Yeah. No, no,
space is fine.
That's not an issue.
It's the, uh...
It's the, uh... Hang--
No, hang on a second.
Victor, a call for you.
One second, Bianca.
So, uh,
what did he want?
Uh...
I got fired.
What? Why?
I'm not sure.
[scoffs]
Yeah? [man] Uh, Mr. Malarek.
I'm calling from the
Public Complaints Commission.
Complaints Commission?
I've never heard of you.
Yeah, we're a new entity.
Listen.
I just read your article
on the Daniel Léger case.
I'd like to discuss it with you.
I don't work for
The Globe anymore.
In fact, I don't work
for anyone. So I won't be
doing any follow-ups.
No, I-I'm not calling to give
you information, Mr. Malarek.
I think maybe I'd like
to make this our first case.
I need the details
of your investigation.
All right, stop.
[knocking on door]
[door opens]
Oh, hey, buddy.
How are you doing?
Good.
Come on in. Relax.
Flight leaves tomorrow.
Frank will call you
with the exact time.
And make sure
he's on the fucking plane.
Don't worry.
He'll be there.
Do you mind if we stay here
a couple more days?
No, sure.
What?
I need to go to Montreal.
Why? Uh...
I need to speak to
the Complaints Commission
about the federal police.
You're making a complaint
against the feds?
No, the Complaints Commission
read my article in The Globe,
and they want to talk to me
about the Daniel Léger case.
Well, what have you got
to do with that?
Well, I interviewed him,
so they want me to testify
as a witness.
I'm gonna go check
on the meat loaf.
You lost both your jobs
because of this thing.
Don't you think it's time
to just drop it?
I'm not gonna drop it now.
We just put our finger
on something-- No, you--
I have never complained
about your work.
Okay? I am proud
of what you do.
I have always been proud.
But you've got
to drop this thing.
Well, this isn't my job.
This is a court investigation.
These people
attacked us.
To be fair,
we don't know who attacked us.
They weren't trying to hurt you.
They were trying to scare me,
as usual.
We can't let these guys
change the way
we live our lives just because--
Oh, my God.
What? It obviously doesn't
matter what I say.
Of course it matters
what you say.
It's just that Léger
is out there on his own.
I mean, what am I
supposed to do?
Leave him out there to rot?
Come on.
You can't save everybody.
You have a daughter now.
What if it was
our daughter, hmm?
Out there. It's not.
Well, what if it was,
and she was dying
in a Thai prison,
and the government
had abandoned her?
Like you are?
This whole thing isn't
about Léger or our daughter.
It's about you.
But this guy isn't you.
Okay?
When Social Services took
you away, you were a kid.
You were innocent.
This guy's a criminal,
for Christ's sake.
The government
fucked him over.
I know what it feels like
to have the shit kicked
out of you every day
and to wonder if anybody
is ever gonna come
look out for you.
No one ever does.
I hope you guys are hungry.
It's comfort food.
Usually, it gets
a bigger ovation
when I arrive
with a meat loaf. [laughs]
[announcer]
Our first big point
in this semifinal match.
[announcer continues
on TV]
It becomes balletic.
That is McEnroe magic
at its best.
[snoring]
[tennis ball
hitting rackets]
[crowd groans] And that's a tough spot to hit,
trying to get it
into that corner,
the forehand of his opponent.
[Michael in French]
[Don]
You're not gonna believe this.
I asked for Léger's mug shot
for the cash request
on the drug transaction.
Yeah. C Division sent me this.
What the hell is that?
Robert Léger.
We've been working
off the wrong record.
No, I don't know.
Our guy changes
his first name all the time.
I've seen a long list.
Besides,
the birth date's a match.
Right. The name matches.
The date and location
of birth matches.
The mug shot doesn't.
Well, C Division
sent the wrong photo.
No, that's unlikely.
I'll take care of it.
[Cooper]
So, what's the story on this?
Well, Daniel Léger exists in
the Social gSecurity data bank.
Mm-hmm. He's got
a driver's license.
He's from Quebec,
but he's got no criminal record.
Hmm. And Robert Léger?
[man] Robert Léger
and Daniel Léger are
two different people.
And, uh, Robert Léger
is the fellow with
the criminal record.
[Cooper] Okay. Thanks.
Excuse me.
Do you know a Mr. Porn?
Tuk-tuk driver,
Mr. Porn?
[speaking Thai]
Over there? Thanks.
Are you,
uh, Mr. Porn?
Go sit with Al
for a bit.
Yeah.
Can't sleep?
I just hope
we didn't forget anything.
Did you get all
the transaction cash we wanted?
I got 60 grand.
What about the mug shot problem?
Did you fix it?
Everything is
so screwed up in Archives.
I had to take
the surveillance pic of Léger
and stick it in the file.
Wait. Wait a minute,
wait a minute.
So, we don't know if we have
the wrong criminal record?
Well, did you call Quebec?
I didn't have time.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
That means it's possible our guy
doesn't even have a record.
Well, who cares what he did
or he didn't do before?
What we're after is
what he's doing right now.
And right now, he's in Thailand,
working for us.
There.
My friends. Morning.
Welcome
to Thailand.
These are fine men,
Sergeant Cooper.
They'll be happy to assist you
during your operation.
Oh, that's great.
We're gonna need your men
on scene as backup.
As soon as the transaction
is complete,
we leave Thailand and
make our arrest in Canada.
You arrest
your local source.
How will you convict
the trafficker
if he's not in possession
when you arrest him?
No, he'll be
in possession.
We're gonna arrest him
at Vancouver Airport
once he gets his cut.
I see.
But, Sergeant Cooper,
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Yeah, why?
We can't allow any illegal
narcotic leaving our shores,
even if it is
by Canadian police.
What, higher?  Yeah. That's good.
We gotta talk.
All right. Yeah.
[Don] I didn't speak
directly to the colonel,
but the other guy said
it'd be fine. [Cooper] Oh, wait.
You didn't think to check
on Thai narcotics law? What for?
Because we're doing the fucking
operation in Thailand. Shut up, Al.
-Don't tell me
we're packing up.
-Oh, come on.
No.
We're not packing up.
We are gonna arrest
Léger here, in Bangkok.
Frank, we do that,
we are never getting
Léger out of Thailand.
Bullshit. He's our suspect.
We can do what we want with him.
[muffled arguing]
Fuck the Thai government.
Then we make it look like
an escape.
Our guy gets away from us,
he flies back to Canada,--
Do you know what the fuck
you're talking about?
Fuck yourself, fat man! [shushes]
[knocking]
Okay, let's go.
Come on in.
You're early.
Everything all right?
Yeah, well, body clock
is all fucked up.
Yeah?
This is
my friend Porn.
Porn. Dig your name, man.
Porn, this is, uh,
Frank, Al and Don.
[speaking Thai]
Well, come in, come in.
-You want a beer?
-No, I'm good. Thanks.
I'll, uh, leave
you guys to discuss.
Oh, no. No, we need you
as an interpreter.
Oh, he--
he speaks English.
Well-- I think it's best
if you stay.
All right,
I'll take that beer then.
[Cooper] All right, so,
uh, Daniel here,
-he tells us that
you can help us out.
-Thanks.
Yeah.
Okay, how much for a kilo?
Thirteen.
We'll give you nine.
How many?
Kilos? Ten.
Five for ten.
Five for ten...
I think he means five kilos
at $10,000 each.
Do you have, uh,
$50,000 here?
Oh, yeah, you betcha.
You want to count it?
Oh, uh--
I believe you guys.
Porn, you okay with this?
Yeah.
[Cooper] Okay.
So, where do you
wanna do this?
You have to
meet my sister.
Maybe you gotta marry her
as part of the deal.
My sister will decide
where to do this, or no deal.
Well, see,
we've got the money.
So, uh, we'll decide,
or no deal.
Happy to meeting you.
Hey, Porn, come on. Porn!
Hey! What kind of
half-ass stunt was that?
Is this what
we came here for,
to meet this
small-time loser?
If this deal goes south...
it ain't gonna end good
for you, I'll tell you.
[door slams shut]
[Don] Daniel, relax.
We'll be fine.
Besides, you, uh,
you got two days
to make this
deal happen, right?
Uh-huh.
I'll be back tomorrow.
I love you.
Yeah.
Hey, Porn. [speaking Thai]
I don't like this place, man.
Let's just go back and
convince your sister, all right?
[sighs] My sister's out.
She don't trust
your friend.
She didn't
even meet them.
Yeah, she go to sit in
the hotel and look at them.
And she said
they were police.
Well, your sister's
got a problem,
'cause they're not police.
Don't be scared.
This is a safe place here.
Come to see my friend.
Good friend, okay?
[Al] Can I ask you something?
Where the fuck did you guys
find this junkie-ass loser?
I think he's full
of shit too.
Right?
Who's full of shit?
No, I'm asking you.
The junkie asshole.
He just--
He doesn't feel right.
He doesn't feel right?
That's good police work.
Is that what they
teach you at the academy?
They teach us
to trust our gut.
Let me tell you something.
E Division, they gave us
a million-dollar budget
for this operation.
Now, does your gut want
to be part of a team
that spends that kind of budget
and brings back zero results?
Boulder?
No, sir. So,
we follow
the junkie asshole's lead,
and everyone shut the fuck up.
Nipa and Pimpan?
Porn got these girls?
They can do it outside,
in an alley next to
an old cinema.
How much can they get?
-Two kilos.
-[scoffing] Christ.
Are you fucking kidding me?
We didn't come all
this way to Thailand
-for two goddamn kilos.
-Hey, if you can
do better, go ahead.
All right, look,
our flight leaves tomorrow.
Can they do
the deal tonight?
This is, uh...
Nipa and, uh, Pimpan.
Jesus. How old are they?
Fucking Asians.
Who knows?
We go?
-Have they got it?
-Yeah, they have it.
No worries.
Is this it?
We getting off here?
Who's this?
My brother.
My brother
have it.
You go and
see it, yeah?
No, no. Daniel,
tell him to get off the bike.
I don't know them
any more than you do.
All right, tell him
to get off the bike.
Al, get in the back.
We're gonna do the deal
in the truck.
Come on, tell him
to get off the bike.
I'm not gonna risk him
tearing off down the street.
[speaking Thai]
[in English] In the back.
[Al] All right,
open the bag.
No, you show money. Open the bag first.
You need to show money first. I need to see what's
in the bag.
-[Nipa] Hey, show money now!
-No, hold your horses.
-[Cooper] You see the drugs?
-Open the fucking bag!
[all shouting]
Give me!
-[Nipa] Show me the bag!
-Don't touch it.
[groans]
Don't move.
Officer assistance!
-Hey!
-[Cooper] Hey, James,
he's coming at you!
[Cooper shouting]
-Al!
-Don't fucking move!
[Cooper] Stop the truck!
Stop!
-Stop!
-We are police! Police!
[banging on window] [Cooper] Stop!
[gunshot]
Holy-- Shots fired!
[officers shouting]
Man down!
[grunting]
[screams]
Okay. Stop the truck! Stop!
Jesus Christ.
[shouting]
Man down! Man down!
Check him.
Check him, check him!
Call an ambulance!
Man down!
[grunts]
You okay?
Yeah, I'm all right.
[groans]
[groaning]
[no audio]
[door opens]
We'll be right back.
Look, I know this accident
was terrible,
but we need to move now
if we want to stay
in front of this.
-What?
-If what really happened here
reaches the public,
you're all fucked.
[sighs] And so am I.
This is Norman.
Leave a message.
[beeps]
Norman... [clears throat]
I changed my flight.
I'm coming home tonight.
Uh, take the girls with you
to the studio, will you? I--
Just keep them safe
till I get back. Thanks.
Mr. Malarek?
We're ready for you.
[man speaking Thai]
Ma'am, what's
he saying?
[shushes]
He said you were...
[indistinct]
[shushes]
The policemen's
stories contradict.
They are bringing in someone
to give the official
version of the arrest.
What?
[man speaking Thai]
I may swear to God
all my statement will be true.
I swear.
Mr. Malarek.
Robert McDonald.
Thanks for coming in. Yeah.
This way. Glad I could be here.
[Cooper] Mr. Léger
was convicted of assault,
possession of narcotics
and importation and trafficking
of narcotics in Canada.
He was to receive, um,
10% of the drugs
and I believe $5,000...
[voice fades out]
[man speaking Thai]
Your Honor, there's something
I wish I could tell the court.
This Canadian operation
in Thailand was illegal.
According to Canadian law,
the Canadian police
did not have the right
to pay for my plane ticket
for me to come here
and do this job for them.
[man translating into Thai]
And--
They paid for everything.
The plane tickets, the hotels,
expenses, everything.
Daniel Léger told you this? Yes.
Why would the federal
narc agents do that?
They know it leads directly
to illegal entrapment.
You'll have to ask them.
All I know is Léger didn't
have enough cash for rent.
He didn't even
have a bank account.
And more importantly,
Your Honor,
the police from my country
lied to you in this court
and to the Thai police
when they came here.
They have said that
I have a criminal record,
which is not true.
And I'm sure--
[men speaking Thai]
I've been an investigative
journalist for 15 years.
I make a few phone calls,
I find out if someone
is connected.
What I found out
on Léger is unanimous.
He's a small-time junkie.
In our country's criminal world,
he's a nobody.
And I can get proof of that!
If I'm allowed to contact
my country's authorities,
I'm sure I can get
a letter confirming
that I do not have
a criminal record.
Laos, Myanmar and Thailand
export over 200 metric tons
of heroin each year.
Operation Goliath
ended up stopping
a transaction of two kilos.
So, yes, it's possible
the Thais would set up
a tiny sting like this.
But in my opinion,
it's completely ridiculous.
They made threats to me.
[men speaking Thai]
But, Your Honor,
I have to--
[men continue
speaking in Thai]
[Robert] Do you think
he could've organized
this transaction?
Yeah.
In the case number 635412,
Thailand v. Daniel Léger,
Judge Wanian finds the defendant
guilty of co-possession,
along with Nipa Seangtong,
Pimpan Seangtong
and Pracha Seangtong,
of more than
200 grams of heroin.
Therefore,
the defendant's sentence
is death by execution.
The court will now
give the defendant
a chance to change his plea.
Does the defendant
wish to change his plea?
Yes.
What is your plea?
Guilty.
The sentence is
therefore changed
to 100 years of imprisonment.
You've done a good thing,
Mr. Malarek.
Without you, Léger
wouldn't stand a chance
against those guys.
And he stands
a chance now?
Those officers broke
nearly every procedure
and regulation there is.
Let's hope you can move fast.
The average prisoner
doesn't last 10 years in there.
Half of that
for a Westerner.
This is my priority.
Thanks, man. Yeah.
Take care.
Good luck!
[door opens]
[whispering] Hey.
Uh, she's-- she's gone.
What do you mean,
she's gone?
I-I got your message
and came home,
but there was
no one here.
She-- Sh-She's gone.
Anna?
[sighs]
[beeping]
[line ringing]
[ringing]
Hello?
Denise, put Anna
on the phone, please.
She's not here.
Do you know where she is?
No. Don't fuck with me, Denise.
If you know where she is,
I need to know now. All right?
I'm really scared that
something's happened to them. She'll call you.
[dial tone]
Happy see you.
Yeah, bet you are.
What are those?
Guard left them for you.
This is from my mother.
Those fuckers
kept these from me?
What's this?
"Public Complaints Commission."
They're investigating
my case back home.
Holy shit!
They're coming here to see me.
Lucky. Lucky you.
Shit, shit, shit.
I need to sign this form
against the federal police
and send it
back to them.
Need contact
in mail room.
Yeah, no shit.
I'm fucked!
I don't have any money
for a contact.
Already got good contact.
Who?
In the yard.
Back, back, left.
Behind the kitchen.
You see Tuan.
He high, not working.
Tuan. The junkie.
He delivered this?
Holy shit, you fat-ass
Buddhist motherfucker.
[beeping]
[phone ringing] [inhales sharply]
Mmm. Hello?
Anna?
Anna, is that you?
Okay, sweetheart,
I know you don't want
to talk to me right now,
and I-- I get it.
I, uh...
I just...
You and our daughter
come first.
I don't care about TV shows
or newspapers
or investigations
or anything else nearly as much
as I care about you two.
Let me prove that to you.
And then, and only then...
maybe you'll let me
save the world.
Maybe just a little,
itty-bitty part of the world.
[chuckles]
Anna?
We're at my sister's.
I knew that.
Are you coming?
Right away.
[man singing in Thai on PA]
[speaking Thai]
[in Thai]
Okay, I think I'm ready.
Right around here?
Make sure you get as much
of the background as possible.
Can you count me in?
[cameraman]
Three, two, one.
It's a big day
for Daniel Léger,
the Canadian man
who was wrongly accused
of smuggling heroin
in Thailand in 1989.
His plane landed on home soil
just a few moments ago.
He was escorted off by officers,
who will then accompany him
to a Canadian prison,
where he will finally
be released on parole.
Léger, who beat his heroin
addiction on his own,
was able to mount a defense
against the federal government
from his cell in Bangkok by
gathering thousands of documents
through the public access
to government information
in Ottawa.
Léger was able to
secure himself a transfer
to serve his time
in his country.
Actually, right now,
Daniel Léger is being
brought from the terminal.
[whispering] In on him.
Welcome home,
Mr. Léger.
Thank you.
I notice that no one
is here to meet you.
I, uh...
I lost both my parents
while I was in prison.
Ah. I'm really
sorry to hear that.
Hey, guys, do you mind
just giving us two seconds?
Two seconds, please?
Thank you. Uh...
It took great courage for you
to be able to build your case
from a prison cell in Bangkok.
How did you manage
to do that?
Zen Buddhism.
Do you know what happened
to the federal police
that, uh,
that arrested you?
No, no idea. No?
They were given medals
for their work
on Operation Goliath
and they were
awarded desk jobs.
How does that
make you feel?
I mean, do you feel
like you've been cheated out of
eight years of your life?
Obviously, there's no words
that can describe
what Daniel Léger is-- Grateful.
You ask me how I feel.
I feel grateful.
Thank you, Victor.
Did you get that?
And cut.